TODO.md, before:

1. Revert the update cooldown to 60s.  companion.py 'holdoff' 93c4f85b3c4c25216ec5f5f62754671b9d8d04e2
1. Revert the appname et al changes: 58f9f790a817fff95df239a3ae1f677c59e10ebd
1. Revert forcing bad CLIENT_ID: 3a8e317f09b390d5dee5602011f1567692bef225
1. Revert the "always use a log file" change. 4a3eb98bf4b93313de48effe208f8004448940a2
1. Ensure Inara is using main applongname, i.e. revery a130f9b827dbc268f5bc4951faaefd5877f362ca
1. Test all data senders:
	1. EDDN
		1. Revert forcing "is_beta = True" in plugins/eddn.py e54226cbabf68d9e18e2d70b241ce667a788c00e
		1. Station Data
			1. Commodity - WORKS
			1. Outfitting - WORKS
			1. Shipyard - WORKS
		1. System and Scan data
	1. EDSM
		1. Flight log - WORKS
		1. Current ship - WORKS
		1. Scans
		1. Lookups
			1. System - WORKS
			1. Station - WORKS
	1. Inara
		A quick test had credits balance and current ship update correctly.  Note that Inara won't accept API use as-is (I'm being cagey about why in case there are still bugs, I don't want any 'helpful' tester to spam his API with bad data).
		1. Lookups
			1. System - WORKS
			1. Station - WORKS
	1. EDDB
		1. Only receives EDDN data
		1. Used for lookups
			1. System - WORKS
			1. Station - WORKS
	1. Coriolis
		- Looks to be currently disabled upstream.
	1. ED shipyard
		1. Load current ship build on click - WORKS
		1. Look into this from taleden:
			feel free to also at some point switch to POSTing to edsy.org/import with the build in a 'loadout' field; that'd avoid some ugly URLs that are sometimes too long for some browsers :)

Commit message:

TODO: Notes that coriolis not being listed in configuration dropdown is a local bug

TODO.md, after:

1. Revert the update cooldown to 60s.  companion.py 'holdoff' 93c4f85b3c4c25216ec5f5f62754671b9d8d04e2
1. Revert the appname et al changes: 58f9f790a817fff95df239a3ae1f677c59e10ebd
1. Revert forcing bad CLIENT_ID: 3a8e317f09b390d5dee5602011f1567692bef225
1. Revert the "always use a log file" change. 4a3eb98bf4b93313de48effe208f8004448940a2
1. Ensure Inara is using main applongname, i.e. revery a130f9b827dbc268f5bc4951faaefd5877f362ca
1. Test all data senders:
	1. EDDN
		1. Revert forcing "is_beta = True" in plugins/eddn.py e54226cbabf68d9e18e2d70b241ce667a788c00e
		1. Station Data
			1. Commodity - WORKS
			1. Outfitting - WORKS
			1. Shipyard - WORKS
		1. System and Scan data
	1. EDSM
		1. Flight log - WORKS
		1. Current ship - WORKS
		1. Scans
		1. Lookups
			1. System - WORKS
			1. Station - WORKS
	1. Inara
		A quick test had credits balance and current ship update correctly.  Note that Inara won't accept API use as-is (I'm being cagey about why in case there are still bugs, I don't want any 'helpful' tester to spam his API with bad data).
		1. Lookups
			1. System - WORKS
			1. Station - WORKS
	1. EDDB
		1. Only receives EDDN data
		1. Used for lookups
			1. System - WORKS
			1. Station - WORKS
	1. Coriolis
		- Looks to be currently disabled upstream.
		- No, actually there's some bug preventing it being listed in the configuration dropdown.  So need to investigate that.
	1. ED shipyard
		1. Load current ship build on click - WORKS
		1. Look into this from taleden:
			feel free to also at some point switch to POSTing to edsy.org/import with the build in a 'loadout' field; that'd avoid some ugly URLs that are sometimes too long for some browsers :)
